Remove C language dependency and make GoogleTest optional (#730)
gyselax/gyselalibxx: CHANGELOG.md

- Simplify `restrict_to_idx_range` implementation.
- Rename CMake options `POLAR_SPLINES_TEST_DEGREE_[MIN/MAX]` to `GYSELALIBXX_POLAR_SPLINES_TEST_DEGREE_[MIN/MAX]`.
- Changed `ExtrapolationRule::RULENAME` from an enum to `ExtrapolationRule::RuleName`, a struct tag in a namespace.
- Remove the dependency to a C compiler.

> - Make the dependency to GoogleTest dependent to the CMake option `GYSELALIBXX_BUILD_TESTING`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the C compiler dependency.
- Make the dependency on GoogleTest dependent on the CMake option `GYSELALIBXX_BUILD_TESTING`.
```
